[reorg] new Recipes section; Basics streamlined (#2550)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/data-fetching.mdx

:::note
Remember, all data in Astro components is fetched when a component is rendered.

> Your deployed Astro site will fetch data **once, at build time**. In dev, you will see data fetches on component refreshes. If you need to re-fetch data multiple times client-side, use a [framework component](/en/core-concepts/framework-components/) or a [client-side script](/en/guides/client-side-scripts/) in an Astro component.

Reviewer: Flagging (#2404)

```suggestion
Your deployed Astro site will fetch data **at build time or on the server**. In dev, you will see data fetches on component refreshes. If you need to re-fetch data multiple times client-side, use a [framework component](/en/core-concepts/framework-components/) or a [client-side script](/en/guides/client-side-scripts/) in an Astro component.
```
